VZ vacation update 

Hey Siri. What's your what's your hot sklter? So, basically, what happened? in the trans market., they get rid of these two KDI. Okay? Okay. 5 tR, none there are connected per DU. and maximum average rate and maximum R to connected per. They get rid of these two cards yet. So what happened, actually, when I went to the jex, now, actually, I was thinking that I'm going to the dataase and moved to these two columns and things the issue, but it didn't fixO. Okay, so when I go to the with, I will. So. Okay. Here we go. This guy. and this guy. So I don't see your screen. I. Oh, I don't do it. Hang on. Phot so, so, my phone. Can you see now? I do, yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. I found that these two table. Okay. add this to KTIs. They were gone. Okay. So what happened? It's when the data was importing from from the XMPT, the two columns shifted to the right hand side because the KPI was not pulling outs from the XMCT, but estated it was considering that received the KPI so it was putting the number on the wrong collar. So I was thinking that if I will these two columns, if you will say, it didn't take the show, then I was I put what I gave the next day, I put these two columns at the end, the didn't see the problem either. So then thought told me that I said, okay, come and just to work on that because I had some other things. If you, I had some id. So then Sean then no, phed up everything and just tried to find them. And then I went on the court and I found the code, actually. We have the dish to KPI are importing. So when the code actually took me around two days to go to the Deep court because I was not working on DBD. I am you were working very, with a change. So I went to the court and removed these two quotes. It was steady I come there and et accept. So that's what happened, okay? So, and plus some other stuff, like heading from cell group. I think he always responding to all the Gmail. Yeah, I was just trying to catch up. Yeah, I was just trying to catch up from being gone and. So first off, I want to say thank you for the help on this. This is really great. And then the second thing is, I just kind of wanted to learn what happened and how I can help, you know, now that I'm back. Because I don't know it doesn't look like the issue is I don't know if the issue is fixed or not. It looks like a lot of things are green today and yesterday with just generally. Yeah, if you go here, Because I was working with a lot of other people, and they' confirmed that is stretched. This guy said, then st. I will ser. Okay. So he confirmed that this is fix, you can go this guy. Okay. is the rush. He and this is one of the guy who's standing me pharmake also. No, he didn't send it anything. sand. No. There are one more person who just reported, Danny? Yeah, here we go. This is he's the associate manager, so I confirm that one. and, okay, yes, we test the data yesterday. Okay. So we turned off the YP and data somebody would like would help you very, okay? Thank you, sis's done. So he' confirm that is done, okay? see her Yeah, it looks very green. I think green. And then I went through the exec reports for 5G and 5G event total. Yeah. Looks like an awful thing. It's this bad timing that I was gone. I'd be happy to have helped, but I was in another country, so. Okay. Yeah, so Now, can we Okay, so I have a question with that. So you're saying Samsung market. Now, does that mean XLPT have this issue also or not? No, they haven't.. So there are two KPI in which you were using in the formula, that those KPI are now no more using that nowadays, okay? So, there's another wrong. So we have to get rid of those KI also in the GPT. Okay. So that's what I did. If you see all the pantom market, let it run because I run from the 22nd because that was the problem was. So in the market, I think if we run that report, they will think that, actually. It will see the data. the fits. run that they will be able to stay to our red that they come in again. So that's the update I have, unless if you have something, it should just keep there are a couple of emails, they came. later, and there asking to backpopulate the data effic to backpopulation. I will show you the table actually, I put the whole data. Disney gas gas. This is the original data of it's under the, if you go on the system performance, this is the original data I have. So you can't just go on the table, the electro perform on desk, and in this day, and this day, it's two days. This two guy has been wrong now, actually. So the column just recepted, and it just look for P and Gal Simran. It's populating, but they are putting theal data there. Sorry, so my question is, what, where is this null data being injected from? You said the sand some of them.. Oh, I want to see where the data is coming from. Like, I just need can you just show me what files the issue was in and then just send me an email with the name of those files just so I can study the code for what the issue was. Oh, that's 76. So you're saying, is it RTT? Well, you're doing fetch, so it was No, it's not bad. It's not. Well, the data has to come from somewhere, right? I'm just trying to understand, unless it's a file dump, because I know there's some.. This. Yeah, I. Unless there's just like data that's being dumped into a folder Go on to continue annual Okay. So this team here too empty Yeah. So average here, okay? And match here. So I removed those two columns rev importing the data and that takes the problem. The fix the issue. So it's called deep revenue evental computer data. Can you send me this following name just in the slack where I can send you. Yeah, I' send there. Good. Okay, great. This is a file you have to just look for that, and there are three, not only one place, say if you WS and W. That is art. Okay, so this is. Okay, so one tip. It goes two bland columns. And when this this fire, What? It is not going. He's saying that you are trying to send a message, I'm not running.. Why is not going through here? Are you still any pipe? Anything coming there? It's because of the slashers. It's seen as a command for. Yeah, that's what I don't thinking. So. I will cook the b. I need to remove the first slash. Okay, so what if I was to remove the slash, and just removing the slats with that spears, okay? Okay. No, no, no, you only need to remove the first one. Oh, I read the question. Well, so. Okay. Okay, here you go. Yeah, I have it. Thanks. There are three places on that. People won't talk about. I mean Two straight. I don't I generally. Alcohol.. Okay. If you these three, you will be able to see, there are a gap. Then importing the data, then we are loading the data in the table. So it will be here, this is a gap. Okay, and I will tell you the okay, what are the. Go. Like how different options, right? Because that's what's saying. You see one. And this is two.. They were to K. Okay. Man, it took me one day to find the problem, actually, and two days or two consecutive, because I was trying to implement something, but I'm checking testing next there. So it took me to see just to fix that, okay? That's a big problem. But anyhow,. These are the twoPIs, they'ote.. All right.. to go to Disney. No, it's fine. Thank you. I can review this. Yeah, never stop next weekend, we half an hour and do this. I was talking about Nor. That's why. It was amazing. be happy to help you. Yeah. Lear more about it. It's a great place. Okay. Well, thank you for the update. Thank the help, Sanjay. I really appreciate it and I'll get stay in touch. All right... Okay, great. I'll see you soon. Mm hmm.
