JAS verizon 5g Citi field cell group 4/9/2025  Yeah, uh would you be able to repeat some of that? I'm just trying to think this through. I have uh VPT open right now.  So you're saying that there's a hardware switchover going on in city recently as of like last week? we we did it already, uh two months ago.. umem engineers had a ging update the group for five GFCCD field. I think they basically missed a lot of use.O group doesn't have all those on it.  Yeah. So so I created a new group, which is the one I sent over with my uh my ID.. And if we could just replace the one that's there with the one I created in my ID, we'll be able to pull in all of the sampung radiules for 5G into DPT correct.  Okay, so well then um where am I thinking then is, um I guess I'm just the first question I have is, where are you trying to view this? So, because I I'm a I get a little thrown off because I hear reports or VPT and um so is this so when you go to City field and you want this 5G data of radio information, where do you get that from? Like, um one second.  Let me I'll send you a Web you a my screen. Okay, sure sure that's fine. probably better. All right?  I'll send it to you and we'll join there. Okay, great, thanks. Hey, Joe..  Yep. Hi, I'm here. All right, let me, I' much you have a screening.  Yup. Uh, let'ee for. Okay, so this is the this is a tool that we use that, um the national IBB team, uh maintains.  Right? The this well, it's called it's called the BTT tool. I don't know, maybe you know a different name, but basically, yeah, this is where we're pulling, you know, uh reports for multiple games and had multiple arenas.  Right? So, uh what I had noticed was on the 40 stats around here, everything looks like, but on the five G stats, right? the data volume and the and the number of sectors and the account of MCs, all of that information is too low, which makes me think that the so and this is cool based off the cell that we provide it was purpose and now I guess itoop you.  Right? And I think the so group you provided before only listed four sampson sectors from really, whereas at the site, there's actually like 30 of them. So the new um I'm not is al which where is this stupid name?  There we go. All right, so um so this is the right. So this this right here is the new sub I creative city of Guild that, which is sure that all of the raties are included.  And this is my um this is my user ID. So I think you guys sent over this this image, right? So so yeah, so if you just replace the, you know, the 5G, um word name as the owner to the name I gave in my name my information, they would pull all of the radio to the report.  Sure. So yeah, so okay, so so I'm starting to understand this. I would say there's two uh quick thoughts.  So um I own so I I so where I come from is so everything that you see in this BPT tool I am cognizant of it, though I haven't been using it or maintaining it. So behind this tool, there is an SQL database with quite a lot of data and that data is being filled from XLPT. So in this tool, there is the ability to see a chart of like LTE pings or RRC attempts that kind of peaks at an event and then comes back down.  I initially just so you have  some some background on my on where I'm coming from. All all in every from from when I started to write up to about three weeks ago, all I did was take that SQL database and make Python react dynamic uh data models on the charting of the data's happening. So where I'm coming in now is I am starting to learn what a cell group is.  I'm starting to learn what, um uh some of the columns mean for LTE and RRC setup, because I come from a banking background. So where I can help you, though, I'm not trying to I'm just trying to give you where I can maybe help you. I think the the one one one issue is um when I was studying under Jing, I don't think there there wasn't a single time where there was um there was ever a reason or for me to ever inject any form of data in the database ever.  So when I was working with Jane, he he immediately stressed I really should never inject or create any of the data. I should just read only. His uh um the reason why is because he had and I he has a directory on the ser so see how on the server if you go back to the VPT browser.  You'll see, I think NJ yeah, NJ BBIBVPPA or whatever in the URL. That's a server. And in that server there's a folder that this entire UI runs on. and in that folder, there's other folders that run off of automated jobs with PHP code that is kind of the machine that's digesting all this data.  It's communicating with XLPT and running the jobs to make sure this data is working correctly. It's those PhP scripts that do the injection of this data, not an actual insertion or manual overwriting on the table that I showed you in that email. And there's dozens of these scripts.  So I'm so what I can do, though, is I mean, I can I can help create custom reports, um, my capacity to change the data manually on the uh tables that you see in this tool, though, is, is quite limited, because we're in a uh no, I don't I don't need you to change the the tables or anything with the data sets, right? Uh, the the information that's pulled into this is based off of the XBT cell groups that are provided for each venue. Right?  So I'm I'm assuming that this not the data set itself, but the scripts have little cell groups assigned so that they can hold whole from the the data set that is download Max. all we need to do and maybe this is nothing that um Jane walked you through is we need to point or update that XPT subgroup for city field, specifically for the for the following section. to the correct cell group. Sure, sure. I understand that.  I would not know how to uh because it is all in production and there's a lot of dependencies on it. What I can do is I can create a custom SQL query that gives you that table that you need for the report correctly with all of those things in it. But what I can't do is make changes to the scripts or or update some of the um column names or values for some of these tables because I well, I really wouldn't know what I'm doing. for these I need to talk to Sean Sch how to do this because the report report won't work because it's not just me who looks at this data, right?  There are multiple teams that might be true to see what the what the APAs are at CD field, right? Yeah, I understand that. well, I I I've been talking with Sean regularly. Sean would just come back and talk to me. and so I'm you know, so I so what I can do is so I and I'm trying to learn I do wanna step up and and be able to help deliver results for you guys.  Where I'm going with this is for right now, at least for this month, if there's a report in this user interface, that's not correct or weird, um I can work with you in and if there's anyone else that's coming into this problem, you can feel free to forward them to me. But what I can do is take the report that you're currently using. And if you just kind of highlight on the screen, like if you take one or two pictures, um and just circle the data that's wrong, what I can do is I can create a custom query and send you an email with a corrected table that has more than all of the information you need to have it updated.  See, so what I think is going on right now in your situation is there's an SQL table um where new cell groups or new fiveG hardware was put in or switched over to. And the current structure of the script that's running on the screen you see right now in front of you is not gathering that you information, because when I was diagnosing your email in the last day or two, I see all of the 5G hardware in there, including the ones that you told me were added. It's all there.  It's just this p if you notice in this URL browser, you see the URL and then you see slash VPT underscore news slash index.P. That PhP script is very static and just doesn't, you know that's old. That is like old code and it's fixed and it's rigid.  So it can't dynamically it's not good at dynamically, rendering new data that's organized differently. I don't know if this helps, but what I at any time, I can help create a custom query that allows me to create a a table that I can then put into Excel and share to you that should be in a format that's essentially similar to what this user interface is rendering to you. But my capacity to uh update relationships within tables with for an event or for a venue in this database would be, I don't want to say disastrous, but really problematic.  If I were to do updates or inserts for any of these tables. so my engineer who created the initial expertise group, right? He's he's gonna get back on Monday. I can just have update his cell group and then fix that should fixation..  But going forward, once again, so we're in his back market. So we're having our Nokia sites being pulled out. We need to create new cell groups for the Samsung, for the Samsung equipment.  So this this scenario is gonna pop up and it's not just gentro, but there markets there that markets where this is gonna happen where the so group has to be updated um for that Ben. So I would you know, refers for this one that we going to go to a death because I'll have this back on Monday I can wait two more days, right? Not not a big issue.  But you where you I have to have you able to get in there and modify the assignment of for you. No, I understand that. So yeah, what you're saying is uh pretty soon this type of issue, there's gonna be dozens of them on my desk regularly throughout the year or within a single week or a month.  Yeah, yeah, and and, you know, previously when when jingle is here, we this is this is an enling, so it's not a new thing, yeah, I know this is uh yeah, I think I think Shawn, everyone's quite aware that Jean was um maintaining quite a lot of almost all that changes related to this. And well, he wrote a lot of these scripts and he knew him inside out, so.. so, you know, we would the process was you basically be up you know that, for this venue, we we swapped out the bookment here's new cell group that associates with that ven now because the old one basically doesn't work anymore. Right.  So, sorry, so um you know, eventually sooner grab and later, you're we're probably gonna have to figure out a way to it. So, first, business is something I can have a sub of it to add the missing use of it should be fine. I'll see Monday. but eventually we're gonna have to get that.  No, I no, I get it completely and I I'd be happy to help with making that change. I you know, I don't have an issue with that. the thing is I'm gonna have um I guess I'm kind of waiting for two or three uh examples of this, so I have some data to track to know how to solve it. It, you know, two you know, three three data points makes a trend kind of thing or whatever. um just so I know how to a problem solve it.  Um No, I get it and I'll I'll I'll have to meet with Sean and there's gonna be a whole list of um fixes to changes to the hardware that's going on at these venues for all kinds of data throughout BPT throughout the year. So because because the thing here is, right? Even if so safe, for instance, um something doesn't change, like we're not changing the equipment, right?  But we do a modification and we added more equipment. These so groups are tied to the so group owner. So if the person we made the original so group isn't here anymore, we can't we can't modify a so group to add in like a missing uh radio or missing sector or missing um uh uh millim deal, right?  So what ends up happening is you have to create a new sub group by with a new engineer. So it's not just this is a staff portion, right? Like this is this can be a change that is caused by anything that would a big sub for a venue.. yeah, so so, you know, you're I would say assume they're gonna have to figure out how you can get that updated where where that where that piece is, right?  Because I'm assuming I'm assuming it's there's probably some some table there that associates that associates the subgroups to the venues. and that's where the update is done. but there is no way for me to to confirm that, that is my hypothesices, right? If there's some some data step there that has, you know, the venues to sit on it and the associates of to go with it so that when the data is varied, it can very based off that so for that. Yeah.  Yeah, I I appreciate the patience and I'm listening intently, um where my mind is going is right now, I'm just I'm just trying to listen to what you're saying and then I'm trying to trace in my mind what tables and what PhP script files I need to be cognizant that I'm gonna have to get my hands dirty and and work on. So I'm just trying to take in what you're saying and just kind of just map my mind out to be aware of this going forward because it's gonna be a a a regular thing. So yeah, I I would say so, right?  Um, you know, maybe not 80, but monthly or something that it'll be a yeah, it'll be a part of my job from week a week, so yeah, so I would say, you know, if you figure out where that relationship exists where the op cell groups, the cell groups are assigned to each venue, right? That that's where you have to go in and update the name and the owner and then that he so to exist in XT. So they don't exist in any data set that has anything other.  He's defining that, you know, this is this is the late XT or the name and owner. So the scripts can go in full this, the associated sectors and radios that are associated with this SPT name into into this uh IBDBT tool.. All right.  Good. Thank you. I appreciate it. uh problem if I have questions, I hope you uh understand where I'm coming from and and let me just um I just need a some time to to get up to speed and step up and and figure it out and and just learn it.  So that's fine. Sure. Sure. and I would, um you your program getting to a lot of engineers, right?  So so if you want to make a glusty of what all these things mean, um it's just it'll make it easier to reference against. Okay. It is. yeah, thank you.  This is very helpful. honestly, all it takes is like five or 20 minutes. I yeah, I also I have I have an engineer here locally that that does a lot of our local scripting tools. So if you ever do need some kind of um uh if you want to ask a question or anything, he can also help you, you know, look at some look at some stuff. that would be so so helpful that would bell I'll start your name he maybe maybe he can help you also kind of like you know navigate that a little bit.  Okay, good. That would be really helpful, because then I can maybe create a an example script uh this week or next and ping him and then maybe I can simulate getting the right table for you as a test with with this change without actually a you know, I can run it locally and that it won't affect BPT on the web browser. Okay.  Got it, it, yeah, I you the name. you know, he does a lot of the local stuff here. How many he does and a local tools, so I would like to meet with him. That'd be great..  Thank you. Yeah, thank you. OK. I'll see you.  Have a good meet. Yep, bye. Bye.
