Decommissioned list


00:00:00 geraldgale 
He said he declined. Right, so. Yeah. Okay, so let me pull up the email.
00:00:36 geraldgale 
So I'm trying to think of like the best way to go through this um pretty efficiently. I guess the biggest reason is, so Ellen and Lindsay and Scott, if he was here, you guys are stakeholders for using the budget summary and sub market budgets and the I B B daily spend and then the funding request form. And then there's twenty twenty two to twenty twenty three reporting. Um, I guess we just want to know, you know, of these tools, which ones do you need and which onesum can be decommissioned. Okay. Uh so I I guess uh do you want me toum share my screen Do you guys want to see the uh tools Maybe we can go through it with the email What's the best thing here Yeah. 
00:01:32 Speaker 2 
And you could show us.
00:01:33 geraldgale 
Okay, great. So let me load VPT. Sometimes it... Oh, that was pretty fast. Yeah,
00:01:45 Speaker 3 
Mine's just spinning.
00:01:47 geraldgale 
Okay, Yeah, sometimes it is slow.
00:01:50 Speaker 4 
And I don't know if Cheryl is... I mean, see or Ellen if you have the... I guess what Gerald is trying to do and kind ofum... You know, assisted him and provide some guidance on some of these. And he put it on the emails, right there. The whole point is t here is a lot of smaller tools and dashboards and different websites that were currently maintained. I mean, they used to be maintained by Jing and then Sanjay. And a lot of these tools we don't use or they're not being updated anymore. So I think what he's trying to do is trying to determine what can we shut down, archive or leave it as you know. 
00:02:31 Speaker 4 
As is, and then if there's anything that needs development, then we'll just to have a better understanding what that is, etc. So I think he wants to go over some of these tools that I believe I gave him some feedback. And based on on your feedback, I guess he'll be able to make a better assessment of what to do with these tools and then just basically you know leave them as is or decommissioning or you know whatever it is that we decide that the best approach.
00:03:00 Speaker 3 
I do have a question. If we archive it, is it accessible at all if we needed it? Or pretty much not pretty much a no.
00:03:11 geraldgale 
It's a good question. So I guess archiving would kind of mean we can kind of leave the data there, and it's just not really visible in the UI. Decommission I would argue is this is being shut down and removed, so we're not contributing to its function anymore. Um, Yeah, so archive I kind of see as storage, like a storage unit. And decommission maybe I sold it.
00:03:37 Speaker 3 
I mean, I'd like to get Scott's input, but to answer your question, I did not reference the prior year. I think only for like the first quarter that i referenced any prior year dashboards Yeah. Um and then we really got out of the dashboard in twenty five because as Milton was saying they weren't, Maintained right, and we did have a contractor that was trying to help us get that rebuilt, but we just weren't able to get there.
00:04:08 Speaker 3 
Okay. I mean, we're hoping to find something this year we can use in its place because it's no longer supported how it was. Right. But with it not being supported, we just didn't use it.
00:04:20 geraldgale 
Okay. Well,
00:04:22 Speaker 3 
I would so very beneficial but. 
00:04:25 geraldgale 
Well i was, I now I need to coordinate with Milton and uh Navjot on this, but everything you see here in the National I B B P M O tools. If it's in here on this webpage under these tabs, um the understanding is my understanding is that I would be able to maintain any of these functions. It's a lot to maintain, but that's kind of the purpose of reviewing this, is to you know remove the things that no one's using. Um and just focus on things that. 
00:04:56 geraldgale 
Are efficient within the business and your guys' processes. Um, for for our case today, these are really the only ones we need to review. So we can kind of quickly go through them, and I just kind of need to know yes or no if you guys plan to use them. Um, we have the budget summary page here.
00:05:25 Speaker 3 
I would say we are not likely to use that. I mean, Scott may override me, but I would say we're not likely to use that because we have other information that has the same. We have other files that have the same information. It just gives a clear breakdown of what the budget was on one screenshot, but last year we kind of maintained it a different way.
00:05:53 geraldgale 
So you guys, yeah, if you guys didn't use it for an entire year in twenty five t here is a strong argument to. If you are not using it, then.
00:06:02 Speaker 3 
Yeah, so I honestly. Again, could be overwritten in what Scott wants to see that we might come back to, but I don't think we would use it. Okay. So I am going to say no.
00:06:14 Speaker 5 
Okay. So. 
00:06:16 Speaker 3 
I am going to say no for all of those dashboards; we just haven't gone back and referenced them to use them.
00:06:22 Speaker 4 
Question, Nancy. In that example, I mean, I hear a lot of like we need to dashboard the hell out of everything, right? But we also need to have capability to do these very quick. So part of the challenge with this was that you know you can't really change a lot of this stuff. Is whatever this software or whatever this script is doing, that's what it is and it wasn't as simple to just change things, right?
00:06:53 Speaker 4 
And then there's if there was a new menu, if there was a new thing you know to put it through these, it would take time. So but we are still looking to build this type of dashboard. We just simply need to have a way to interface with the data faster and potentially adjust this right.
00:07:11 Speaker 3 
And it's not only for us but it was for the region as well, right? So they have a place to go.
00:07:18 Speaker 4 
And that's what I think this is was mainly is like to have, A place for them to to go back and see what it was before, right? Um, but we we didn't we and how are we maintaining this for twenty twenty five How did we do that? Like in a spreadsheet, like in a Google sheet. And then we just have like a. 
00:07:37 Speaker 3 
Yeah We really didn't use it. Like, w'e tried to useum the dashboardum for twenty five andum our contractor we had before Calvin wasum trying to update it. You know, on a daily basis to pull in the details before jingle. And then we just weren't able to do it. So we didn't use it really hardly at all.
00:08:04 Speaker 4 
So so would it would it be a statement to say that we're probably going to transition into something else more likeum something that we could adjust whenever we needed? Yes. Whenever we needed, And, and whatever that method is, we just need to find a way to automate it. To the closest that we can to make it easier. Okay, but then this methodology here. I think Joe. I think what I'm getting at is you know this was a good idea at some point given that we had more people and we had different type of vision so I think would be safe for us to say this this is. 
00:08:50 Speaker 4 
Um, this is something we could definitely archive. Now, the question is, can we just scrap it? And so, my question generally in this case is how much does it cost to keep these dashboards open or archived or protected in the event that we ever need to go back to see it?
00:09:10 geraldgale 
The technical answer is basically zero dollars. Not really; it's whatever handful of hours it takes for me to kind of clean. Clean up the software and just secure the servers, but the servers. So we have four servers to run this entire dashboard or, this portfolio of tools, and I went through them. They're very uh heavy durable servers in terms of compute power and processing power, so they won't even really notice. This data being saved um to archive it it would be. 
00:09:47 geraldgale 
You know, the amount of time it takes for me to confirm that I am turning off the right visual for the right application, and then just making sure the jobs are there. And then maybe I would review it halfway through the year or like the next quarter, make sure everything is running. And then I would basically have this same meeting with any stakeholders at the end of the year to review. So it's really time. It's not really a dollar amount or an expense on the. 
00:10:20 Speaker 3 
So then Milton, could we archive the twenty twenty four to use as a reference if we needed it and then scrap the other prior years?
00:10:29 Speaker 4 
Yeah, that's what I am thinking is is we could hide like because I think we can also you could also make these view hidden right you could you could you could scrap the other previous years and then we could just keep one and, Just hide the website, basically not accessible. Without stopping the processes in the background, right? Gerald.
00:10:53 geraldgale 
Yeah, yeah. It would basically basically when people come here, they just wouldn't be able to select it anymore. As an application, but on the server side it would just keep running and the data would just be there.
00:11:06 Speaker 4 
Right so that's what I'm thinking is like the link itself will still be you know there it's just that, In the website, the link is no longer in the dropdown.
00:11:19 geraldgale 
Yeah, yeah, correct.
00:11:21 Speaker 4 
And then and then for the previous years and just like I think what what I heard you saying, Lindsay is you wanted to still check with Scott. Um In the event that we need to go back to thoseum, I Don't know why would we why would we go back though but for example four DDG.
00:11:40 Speaker 3 
I just don't know right like I, I don't know if he has something else in mind because he did reference, you know, that he did make a comment in the email that it would be nice to have that data to reference the historical data. But I don't know where his mind was for that, right? Because we have the AIO files, we have the end of year spend stuff. I don't know what he would need the dashboard for.
00:12:03 geraldgale 
One thing I can do is well, I was gonna say one thing I can do isum, I can try to move as quickly as possible with you all here. For uh uh uh the the tentative action and whether or not the action and then whether or not it's confirmed or not, I can just take this table and then repost it back in the email chain. We can give a week for Scott and everyone else to confirm it, and then I'll just confirm it a week from now. Or if you guys need two weeks, we could do two weeks doesn't matter.
00:12:36 Speaker 3 
I don't think we need two weeks but yeah.
00:12:41 Speaker 3 
It's not that I said I haven't gone back and looked at any of this historical data, so I know we probably don't need the historical, but maybe the twenty twenty four for reference in case we wanted to go back and look at something.
00:12:55 Speaker 4 
How about for BBG Ellen? Did you did you did we ever go back to look at twenty three twenty two. 
00:13:02 Speaker 2 
Um, not here. You know, I do reference back to my files for historical. 
00:13:07 Speaker 3 
Information as well. Kind of feed this. This was kind of fed by multiple layers, and so we still have those individual files.
00:13:18 geraldgale 
Yeah, and it looks like the last date that's in this is twenty twenty five May. Mhm.
00:13:25 Speaker 2 
Yeah, this never kicked off to work right for BBJ. It wasn't gathering picking up the right data. Okay.
00:13:37 geraldgale 
And so, my only other question is, what source of information are you guys using instead of this? If these... what was the cause of action for... you know, I am just kind of curious mechanically.
00:13:50 Speaker 2 
Yeah. For DBJ on a daily basis, we track Bend and OCNR through the Unify reports. Okay.
00:14:04 geraldgale 
Yeah, thank you. I'm just kind of curious because it might be related to what other people might be thinking as well. Yeah. Um, okay. Well, we can okay so then can we maybe say archive tentative for BBG budget summary as well? It seems very similar to yeah.
00:14:24 Speaker 2 
Yeah, like I said before, I have my uh I capture my report on the last day of every year and I archive that, And I make sure all the attachments inside are based on, you know, all the information for that given year.
00:14:41 geraldgale 
Okay, and then all right.
00:14:43 Speaker 2 
So I would go back to those before I would go start through, you know, a dashboard.
00:14:47 geraldgale 
Okay. And then okay so then maybe we can move into sub market budgetsum we can just kind of knock these out. 
00:14:56 Speaker 3 
So I would say archive it maybe archive that one in case we needed it as a reference but again that one wasn't, You know, we just couldn't get all the data pulled in right beyond twenty twenty five.
00:15:08 geraldgale 
Okay. All right, we can just kind of quickly go through this accurately, but still pretty quickly. IBB. 
00:15:20 Speaker 3 
Daily spend was not used that one so that that one might be a Scott call, but I don't know that we would need that. 
00:15:30 Speaker 3 
Unless You know. Milton, you think it would be beneficial for looking at something, some reporting going forward?
00:15:37 Speaker 2 
Nobody's looked at it since twenty twenty three so I don't think it's necessary.
00:15:41 Speaker 3 
Yeah, agreed.
00:15:43 Speaker 4 
If we if we were to look at that spending for any type of trending analysis or anything like that, where would we get these data?
00:15:54 Speaker 3 
Yeah, yeah we have We have all of that. Ellen and I have all of that data in our, A I O right. I mean, I don't know if we have.
00:16:05 Speaker 2 
I don't want to report daily, but. I have it daily. Ellen does she pulls hers daily?
00:16:15 Speaker 4 
And Scott's going to challenge us to avoid doing these manually going forward, right? Yeah. So it sounds like you're doing some of these manual, but then yeah,
00:16:28 Speaker 2 
But we have to pull. Find the right mechanism to automate it.
00:16:33 Speaker 4 
Right, and I am not, I mean, this is a dashboard. I mean,
00:16:37 Speaker 3 
This can be rebuilt. Archive it and come back and maybe we can do something with it.
00:16:41 Speaker 2 
Yeah, but I want to emphasize so sure how important that like for me, I am just doing a year over year comparison daily is important but for the general team i am not sure how important daily spend is. 
00:17:00 Speaker 4 
Or what I'm thinking, Ellen is. Maybe not daily, but I'd like to understand if the data that you get daily manually or monthly or however often you get it matches what this script is doing. Because I have a, I have a feeling that these data is being collected in the server automatically and These dashboards actually really give you what you need because you want the actual raw data. You don't need these views. You can come up with these views. Now, maybe this was a good view back then, but today you have a different view or a different analysis. So, these I don't know that these will give me that, but the underlying data may still be important for you in the future or for us for whatever reason I can't think of it now, but yeah.
00:17:59 Speaker 4 
That's why I was, that's why in my head I am thinking all of these things we could just hide and archive, right? But then the underlying scripts they should continue to run. I wouldn't, you know, that's the next evolution of all these exercises with JRL is to look at all the scripts that are running that we're pulling data because there is a lot of data we pull and save in the server and then we process that data to do whatever it is that we're presenting, right? But from your perspective, these dashboards we don't use them. We don't see how we're going to use them. If something, we will use the data, but not the dashboards.
00:18:37 Speaker 3 
Well, I mean like my you know like my monthly spend as you saw on Rick's call all of the details that we shared came from FP A reporting that we pulled in or from the AIO sheet where we just had our own charts. But this data, we just weren't able to maintain it because we lost our source to pull it in from Click and Unify, and that's what drove the spin data. When we lost our, you know, we lost Gene and the team, we just couldn't bring that daily data in to keep the dashboards made to keep the dashboards going. If we can figure that out.
00:19:21 Speaker 4 
So you're thinking these data so and that's kind of what I'm, I want to go next once we go over it.
00:19:26 Speaker 3 
Most of this most of this bin data, I mean it's derived from our individual files like the AI OSHI or Ellen's BBG file based on the information we need it to pull, like for our POR versus non POR those kinds of things. But all of the all of the numbers for spin commit, all of that came from a daily extraction from Unifying Click.
00:19:51 Speaker 4 
I think what we don't have, I think what this doesn't have is click, but I believe this brings unified. I do remember Jane doing something with Theo on spend, but I could be wrong. Maybe when we did the transition and so so Gerald is at some point. 
00:20:08 Speaker 3 
Maybe I don't know how P and A pulls it in right if we can figure that out maybe we can get them to help us build it. I don't know because they build it into their reporting right? Oh sorry, didn't mean to cut you off Middleton.
00:20:20 Speaker 4 
No, no, no. We'll get to that, but first we need to understand what is feeding these one. I don't know Gerald. Is there a way to identify what scripts, what data we're using and you know what is it that's manipulating the updates of these? Because just like with Lindsay saying, we may be using scripts and pulling data that, He's no longer accurate, and he's probably never going to be accurate because now we move to different systems, and probably they look at these things differently. Right, so we may be able to archive that data set, but no longer keep trying to extract it because there is really no need. Because I don't know how often the I don't know what scripts are being run in the background.
00:21:15 geraldgale 
Yeah, I mean I mean. Yeah, what I am seeing, at least in some of the other ones, is it looks like it was basically daily. In some cases or weekly. Um, where my mind is going is anything where data was coming in in an automated way from a system and we're pulling it. That's worth at least maintaining and understanding where it's coming from and keeping it running. If it was a manual process where there was this flow where, Some of it was automated, and then someone had to come in and manually curate it or publish it. I am quite certain in the current Verizon environment that is, I mean, with AI and automation and tools being very powerful now, it's just not. It's going to be a thing of the past.
00:22:01 Speaker 3 
So if I remember if I remember right Jing had to go into our spreadsheet our master file every day. And highlight because we we add new projects, remove projects, those kind of things. He would highlight the up to a certain column to pull in what you know what we had that we needed the specific detail on. And then he pulled he added the other layer of the funding from the finance tools. So it was kind of multiple sources, but again, we have all of those file; we have access to all of that. It's just how can we use AI to bring it in and create the dashboard?
00:22:37 Speaker 3 
Because this the sub market dashboard is very was very beneficial for the regions because that gave them a point of reference rather than them reaching out to me and saying," Hey, I don't see this. Why do I not see this?" Well, because it's not funded, right?
00:22:51 geraldgale 
So yeah, ideally you should just wake up, log in and the data is there and correct and accurate. Like the system. I mean i'm a younger developer and so automation isn't even more, Emphasis from from like what what my background is. Um, like everything should be correct and filled out by three in the morning while you sleep, and it should just not our. 
00:23:18 Speaker 3 
Tools just don't talk to each other. That's one of the problems we have.
00:23:22 geraldgale 
Well, that's something I can help with down the road where my mind is going just to kind of tighten this up is what I can do is we can fill this list outum with the action and then I'll put it in the email and then what I'll do is, Later this afternoon, I can and tomorrow I can study the servers and get a list of the data sources for each of these rows, and I'll also put that in the email so that you guys know where the data is coming from. And I think that should help determine some of these conversations.
00:23:53 Speaker 3 
And I don't think you really need to go beyond the initial like the ones from twenty four, like twenty two twenty three. I don't think we would need those.
00:24:02 geraldgale 
So, quick question.
00:24:05 Speaker 3 
So, but hold on,
00:24:07 Speaker 4 
Liz. Hold on, Liz. So so Charles you're getting ahead of of what we're trying to do okay, But That's but that what you describe is is the next phase right because we have to We have to and and what I was saying earlier we have to associate the cost of all these work processes Because we have to We have to measure And quantify, How much money will be basically saving with all these decommissioning work? Okay, because there is some cost associated to all these scripts running all day, all the time in data redundancy, etc. Right? So we try to also get a lot of that out of the system because you know you said something about having the data ready at three in the morning. But that's that's easy to say if you were the only one pulling the data, but when you have thousands of people.
00:25:01 Speaker 4 
Or processes pulling the same data, and it takes ten to twenty minutes or more to do every execute every set of requests. You'll be surprised how many people duplicate the same data. So, Still, their whole point of this exercise is not just to first we're trying to work with the stakeholders in these cases like Lindsay and Ellen on what they use it; they're telling us what they use it for and what they're kind of using now. There is some value seems like for the, Submarket view for BBD didn't seem like it worked pretty well. So, we know that a lot of these things we can just hide. That way they're no longer in the website, and that's one phase to get rid of this right. The next step would be to do what you described right now okay let's take a look at what is the underlying data is there any processes how many of those we can shut down but we need to come up with a way to associate a cost. Right we have to this needs to. 
00:25:57 Speaker 4 
They need to add value. What we're doing needs to add value, otherwise we just shut it down and that's it, right? And we don't do any of these other things, right? Um, but we just need to be strategically so let's let's not get ahead of ourselves for now. But we we do need to do the thing that you said. Okay. But that will be our next step once we know feedback from the different groups at least from Lindsey and Ellen um I think what we're getting is you know F B N A you know using click or um unified they're Basically getting these numbers. So we have to rethink how we want to do this, in a way that it's easily um distributable like that were easily too accessible for the sub markets while keeping, you know uh the flexibility for them to keep doing this. And at the same time pulling these data automatically. So we just need to think about how was Jean doing this? And that's where you come in right? That's where you know like what you were saying Gerald like yeah you do have some background, you make. 
00:26:55 Speaker 4 
Have better ideas, newer ideas. There may be an AI component that we didn't have a few years ago. Yeah, so those are the things we would probably need to work in the next stage. Yeah, all right, but then going back to this list so So all these funding requests not another thing about copies um budget summaries We know we can archive. We'll have to check the data This one this one will definitely keep This is definitely keep. 
00:27:24 geraldgale 
I'm sure of this, right? Because I worked with you, Ellen, on this. Um, the capital funding request form. Yeah.
00:27:32 Speaker 4 
We do we need to put a pin on this one though so so Joe and Ellen correct me if I'm wrong we're still working with thisum yeah to decide whether this needs to be continuously used by Benny Nakenalbra right yeah so potentially they will be using these now they may decide not to do it I think, Scott said that the name not use it.
00:27:56 Speaker 2 
Right, but those archive requests for twenty twenty five and twenty four, I need to keep that data.
00:28:05 geraldgale 
Yeah, and it's working, and I do check the database or I did check the database. You guys do use it regularly. Um, it's a critical tool so.
00:28:15 Speaker 4 
It may not be in the futureum or. 
00:28:19 geraldgale 
Yeah it has been critical. 
00:28:21 Speaker 4 
It Has been and it has been because Ellen used it on a daily basis in the RF team. But I think that they're with the changes, they may pivot from what Scott told me is is they may not want to follow all this because this adds additional work, right? We want I think I'm of the opinion we should keep it. I think this gives us a good way to capture all of these requests. But but I also acknowledge that these adds value you know, Extra steps and work for for the group, and they may not have enough time to do all of this. So,
00:28:56 Speaker 2 
Yeah, that's my concern too. We're not going to have a database now of all the WBSs without going into Fuse, you know. And you know looking at each project without using the tool.
00:29:13 Speaker 4 
And then Ellen where when is it? I heard Vinny say something about February.
00:29:20 Speaker 2 
We're Trying for February first. I'm supposed to be training Vinny, Nick, andum Alvaro. I think on Monday, and then the extended team. I think the following week. But he's thinking they may keep it for the first month. I'm not sure what they want to do, but I think it would just keep them organized.
00:29:48 Speaker 4 
Me too. I agree. So so let's do these Gerald put these as for now we want to keep it maintain it. Um, let's see how the training goes and see what they decide to do. Uh and we I think for now this is confirmed we need to have it okay.
00:30:08 geraldgale 
All right, and then that would move move us in from into the twenty two to twenty three budget summaries which is uh similar to the top. Three here, they're just archived. It looks like so it looks like this was already considered for archiving. That's funny. So they they they kept it and they just named it archived. You know, so it's the same thing.
00:30:34 Speaker 3 
It's just yeah,
00:30:35 geraldgale 
They literally called it archived and thenum Jing just made it accessible which makes sense at the time nothing yeah nothing on your oh I see archive budgets yeah so this is kind of the answer, Uh, it we'll just you know this is what archiving looks like. You just won't be able to see it. Yeah, that's the only chance.
00:30:56 Speaker 2 
Good data to keep.
00:30:57 geraldgale 
Okay, well since we are I am trying to move efficiently if you guys don't mind I think this I think I can say pretty accurately that all of these would be the same as the first one we reviewed archive tentative yes okay all right yep, That wasn't too bad. Now, Gerald,
00:31:24 Speaker 4 
For Friday. Yeah. So like you said earlier, right? We just need to see what is the underlying data. What are the scripts that are running in the morning? You know, what tables are fitting to these? If you could if you could start collecting that. Mhm. I'm not saying get it ready for this Friday but every time we we meet these are the kind of things that now we need to start looking at. The stuff that was confirmed, that we're going to be able to archive or decommission, we just need to see what are the underlying data and processes because those would need to be shut down. And again, we need to measure and provide. We need to. We just need to let people know that we're doing decommissioning for good, right? We're trying to save money in different ways, right? This is just one other way to save money. Well.
00:32:13 geraldgale 
I I would say this it is it is still a pretty long list uh for me to continue with everyone um you know I can use this afternoon and tomorrow to at least, um get an assessment for the data that's coming in on the servers for all of these so that at least, uh Scott Lindsay and Ellen have it. Uh by Friday to at least have it in their mind to consider. Um because all I all I really do is I just have to sit down and read the actual software. And see where the data connections are coming from, and I can aggregate it within an afternoon. It's really just a summary. It's a list of data sources that is a list that will probably be three to eight rows big if I had to guess. I don't know for sure how long that list is, but it's really just a summarized list.
00:33:04 Speaker 4 
Yeah, you'll find the data sources, but some of these data sources... There are tables, right? But we need to know what's feeding those tables. So there are like cron jobs that are running in the background that feed those tables. So that's kind of what I am saying is we need to go there afterwards because we're going to have to start decommissioning those cron jobs because we don't need them, okay? And then that was going to help us make the data come in at three AM, like you were saying. That's true rather than wait for everything else to run before mine runs.
00:33:39 geraldgale 
Okay. Okay.
00:33:44 Speaker 4 
Good, thank you, Joe.
00:33:45 geraldgale 
Yeah, no problem. And you know I think you know one thing I'm learning is, um I'll definitely lean on you guys for feedback and correct answers for what it we do need to do and I guess I can just help facilitate it because you guys have a a broad understanding of the history of these tools that I don't so and the business impact.
00:34:08 geraldgale 
So just let me know anything you guys have as a thought. If it's in the email, I'll be able to read it and work with that. Sounds good. Mhm okay well thank you. I think that's it for me. That's all I needed, I appreciate the feedback. Thank you, okay thank you bye Have a good afternoon Have a good afternoon Good afternoon. 
00:34:30 Speaker 5 
Bye guys mhm. 
